LibCrowds projects can be generated by registered users with administrator or
editor rights. This guide explains how to generate and publish a new project
for a collection microsite.

??? question "How do I open this page?"

    Admin rights are required to access this page. If you have admin rights:

    1. Sign in to your LibCrowds account.
    2. Click your username at the right of the naviation bar.
    3. Select **Project Admin** from the dropdown menu.

??? question "How do I request administrator or editor rights?"

    To request administrator or editor rights please get in touch by clicking
    the email icon in the footer of each page.

## 1. Introduction

When you open the **New Project** page the first section that you will see is
an introduction that contians some of the same information found in this guide.

Once you are ready to begin, you can click the **Next button** at the bottom
of the page.

## 2. Choosing a collection microsite

To choose the project that a collection microsite should be published to,
locate it in the list and click **Select**.

## 3. Choosing a template

To choose the template that the project should be generated from locate it in
the list and click **Select**.

## 4. Choosing a volume

To choose the volume that the project should be generated from locate it in
the list and click **Select**.

## 5. Confirm

The final page shows the full details of the project that you are about to
generate. Once you are ready, click the **Create** button at the bottom of the
page.
