A LibCrowds project encapsulates a set of similar tasks. For example,
transcribing the the dates shown on a set of images. This section contains
guides that explain how to create and configure projects.

## Who can create projects?

Projects can be created by all registered users. The final publication
of all projects is subject to approval by LibCrowds administrators. Users can
edit their own projects, or any where the owner has explicitly given them
co-owner rights, whereas LibCrowds administrators retain the rights to edit
all projects.

By allowing all users to create projects, those particularly interested in
identifying specific information not already being captured by the platform
can setup projects to enable this. For example, a project could be created to
capture all of the ticket prices shown in a particular volume of digitised
playbills. The resulting datasets will be made available for download via the
platform.

## How are projects created?

Projects are generated from templates that contain information used to
configure a task. Creating these templates is probably the most complex stage
of the process. However, once created, a template can be used to more easily
generate multiple projects of the same type. To follow on with the example
above, a template designed to capture information about ticket prices could be
reused to generate many projects, for a selection of volumes, without having
to configure the task every time. All templates are available for use by all
registered users.

## How are volumes defined?

Volumes provide the input for projects, for example, a set of images. The
volumes available for each collection microsite are maintained by LibCrowds
administrators.

## Next steps

The first stage is to check if a template is already available for the type of
project you want to create and, if not, create one. Visit the
[Templates](/templates/introduction) section to find out more.

If a suitable template does exist, you can find out how to use it to generate
a new project by reading the [New Project](/projects/new.md) guide.
